Update next part of the training (#180)
inmanta/examples: Training/README.md

| Clab                    | Set up a containerized lab for the rest of the training     | [Open Source setup](lab/README.md)            |   [Licenses Setup](lab-iso/README.md)        |                         |
| Srlinux Basics          | Manually configure the lab                                  | [Manual Configuration](0-manual-configuration.md) | [Manual Configuration](0-manual-configuration.md) | clab                    |
| Convert to model        | Automatically convert the device config to an inmanta model | -           |          | clab                    |

> | Developer setup         | Know how to set up the develop tooling on you machine       | [Developer setup](https://docs.inmanta.com/inmanta-service-orchestrator/latest/model_developers/developer_getting_started.html) | [Developer setup](https://docs.inmanta.com/inmanta-service-orchestrator/latest/model_developers/developer_getting_started.html) | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Developer setup         | Know how to set up the development tooling on you machine   | [Developer setup](https://docs.inmanta.com/community/latest/model_developers/developer_getting_started.html) | [Developer setup](https://docs.inmanta.com/inmanta-service-orchestrator/latest/model_developers/developer_getting_started.html) | |
```
